Respect "--mode" flag when running dev command (#10871)
withastro/astro: .changeset/bright-zebras-end.md

---
"astro": minor
"@astrojs/vercel": patch
---

> add new --viteMode cli flag for dev and build commands

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds a new `--viteMode` CLI flag for `dev` and `build` commands to allow you to override the default `development` and `production` modes.
```
Just added some code formatting here, but also I think a statement describing the *usefulness* of this feature can go here! Say what's good about it! (Suggestion above, but correct for accuracy/hype mode. )

You could even add a "This is useful for/when..." second sentence, if you really wanted to.  (For minor releases, we tend to put a little more in the changesets, and then this info is useful to have when we go to write the blog post about the new features.)
